Add documentation (#141)
ISSResearch/Data-Collection-Tool: README.md

<!-- <img src="/docs/assets/preview.gif" alt="example"> -->

# ISS Data Collection Tool

> An end-to-end dataset annotation and management system built for scale. Supports multi-role workflows, structured label taxonomies, validation cycles, goal tracking, and archive exports. Ideal for organizations building private, high-integrity datasets.

Author: ```suggestion
An end-to-end dataset collection system designed for scalability. Supports multi-role workflows, structured label taxonomies, validation cycles, goal tracking, and archive exports. Ideal for organizations building private, high-integrity datasets with distributed teams of data collectors.
```
